doc: microcloud tutorial; update get_started.md (#543)
canonical/microcloud: doc/tutorial/get_started.md

It uses LXD virtual machines (VMs) for the MicroCloud cluster members, so you don't need any extra hardware to follow the tutorial.

```{tip}

>    While VMs are used as cluster members for this tutorial, we recommend that you use physical machines in a production environment. You can use VMs as cluster members in testing or development environments. To do so, your host machine must have nested virtualization enabled. See the [Ubuntu Server documentation on how to check if nested virtualization is enabled](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/server/how-to/virtualisation/enable-nested-virtualisation/#check-if-nested-virtualisation-is-enabled).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   While VMs are used as cluster members for this tutorial, we recommend that you use physical machines in a production environment. You can use VMs as cluster members in testing or development environments. To do so, your host machine must have nested virtualisation enabled. See the [Ubuntu Server documentation on how to check if nested virtualisation is enabled](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/server/how-to/virtualisation/enable-nested-virtualisation/#check-if-nested-virtualisation-is-enabled).
```

   However, you should make sure that you have a storage pool set up that is big enough to store four VMs. We recommend a minimum storage pool size of 40 GiB.
```

> Verify that your host machine [supports nested-virtualization](https://ubuntu.com/server/docs/how-to-enable-nested-virtualization#check-if-nested-virtualization-is-enabled)

Author: sure, addressed.

       lxc network create microbr0

>       (tutorial-note-ips)=

Author: this was recently introduced by @minaelee , not sure what's about, but could you check if it still behaves as expected while indented? otherwise it breaks the number listing of the section

> 

Reviewer: It looks like this one is not resolved. The above is meant to replace:
````
   ```{tip}
   Open four terminals, one on each micro vm, to run the commands concurrently (tmux panel multiplexing can help here ;))
   ```
````

Doing so will also fix the part of the doc tests that are currently failing (due to `vm` and `tmux` not being in the list of words for spellcheck.

There's one more word that is currently failing the spellcheck, and that's "virtualization", which was a word I added to a suggested change. We are beginning to transition from British to Amer. English in all docs, but the spellcheck for MicroCloud's docs is set to British English, and I'd rather that flip that setting until ready to transition all the MicroCloud docs. For the time being, let's change those back to "virtualisation" to pass the spellcheck, then I'll switch it back later when all the docs are transitioned at the same time. I'll submit the needed suggestions.

> 

Author: got it! thanks for the headsup on the spellcheck.
as a non-english speaker that's gonna take me some time to apply consciously :)

Complete the following steps on each VM (`micro1`, `micro2`, `micro3`, and `micro4`):

   ```{tip}

>    Open four terminals, one on each micro vm, to run the commands in parallel on each VM. (tmux panel multiplexing can help here ;))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You can run the following commands in parallel on each VM. We recommend that you open three additional terminals, so that you have a terminal for each VM.
   ```
```
